hello my name is angel micras and on this occasion we will perform the
simulation of a spa
high
to begin we require that our
Elevator door closes
which is why we have
touched some contacts that normally open
quiter is
x 0
for what
these when activated
our departure
or three
close the door
iker wedged so that it passes satin while it closes
we have in tallin
this is the month of January
without this part we have roxon contacts normally closed for
having two to have four
These will indicate that when they arrive at
to his account
yes I canceled here allow
later still
the exit
door opens
i have kiss 4 what is
in this case it represents a construction
When contacts are activated, it will open
qi the elevator door can not be closed
once the door has been closed section 82
which nap is activated and meditate well we will have activated
the life of
0 3 that the contribution will be closed
qi bo then we also have the normally closed contact for kinect
in this case and one what is
the output of him
it's an exit for the elevator
at the top
so
we have the ones that are closed
although
qi
we also have a vote normally in contrast the norm normally open
for and 2
that we are being told that
that the high one is in the bottom part
when
the elevator that this the bottom part that this contact will close
whereby
as well
that pocero exit will be activated
that is not the engine that will rise have denied
and we have an environmental plan
once the engine goes up
that there is a start up, our workshop 3 is counted
our workshop number 2 to three
it goes
to close
do not get infected with an open carmen environment
which it's
araque turn on
our exit number
if necessary number 2
and is that laporta seat
once it turns out and merck first 12 active
makes the door open and at the same time
At the beginning we have to continue to kan our port closed
to get some songs sucked
we have a wind plan in this part t 0 6
this is for later operation
is a
contact in blandi topics
once it opens on that door
it is not another in the number
3 goes against
again sep 3
it's not that it reaches 3 messi is in the number 12 recent
so there are no problems with him
then we have
what once the sensor
it is detected in the top part
if we that the elevator is detected in the top
if we press the button
baa aa
So now it's who
the value goes down
we have again
the
that the maradona contract normally closed for
our obstructions
this will indicate
that if they chochea again the top
can not be
and we have then this one can work so much for
when it's the internal button I go back with esther
once
be at the end of the two buttons on the top
from his workshop
4 will count up to three cities that count
yes
if he
a French who contacted normally closed to them
what to say that if the elevator
the contact that is closed is up
and will allow him to become popular
that is our engine what else is that these people the elevated
and at the same time it prescribes our country -3
at the same time that
it happens all this of the engine that they lower
I wish to have four
will activate a tac at number 5
and having numbers 5 will allow us
the exit
six times we forget that we have added
so that they sponsor correctly
if we did not have this exit, we could not go after that door in
The top
that is why televisa added
and also when yes
active in this output has iss
is going to paint point unarmed
first that is in number 6
of three seconds and when it is estimated
they are going to prescribe everything in their sorrows during Easter
your process
and we have min
finally a button
an entry that is
and 6
which every time
activate
it goes
to provoke an exit or four is our soul
this is for when a person catches you in the elevated
zune
the alarm may sound
any time is it can do for your direct input
with that singularity
and we have the simulation but
to begin we need our doors to close
be quick
it's not that we called him on those laptops close
we will see how they rise
good of proba
and if we put
no solution
the city
the entrance isidro
nor with puppets
We can see
he said yes to work
it's ours
as you can see
To make it work
we are dirty
we press any button with its lousy
this case the one below
again
down we put an obstruction
we want it to rise
it can not
we want you to go down
and they do not indicate that imos
and this is how we have our simulation
so high
thought for this occasion see you until next time